feat(windows, linux): Add `with_extension_path` to `WebviewBuilder` (#11628)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/extension-path.md

---

> "tauri": "patch:feat"
> "tauri-cli": "patch:feat"
> "tauri-runtime": "patch:feat"
> "tauri-runtime-wry": "patch:feat"
> "tauri-utils": "patch:feat"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"tauri": "minor:feat"
"tauri-runtime": "minor:feat"
"tauri-runtime-wry": "minor:feat"
```

---

> Add `with_extension_path` to `WebviewBuilder` for Linux and Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `WebviewWindowBuilder/WebviewBuilder::extensions_path` on Linux and Windows.
```
